# Inquiries

Three types of inquiries are available from a Fixed asset value model (Fixed
assets (Russia) \> Fixed asset record, **Value model** button):

-   Transactions

-   Budget transactions

-   Balance

And the following inquiries are available in Fixed assets (Russia) \> Inquiries.

-   Transactions

-   Budget transactions

-   Voucher transactions

-   Documents

-   Working clothes/Special riggings on-hand

## Transactions

Fixed assets (Russia) \> Inquiries \> Transactions.

In this page list, all transactions are listed regardless which module these
transactions were posted:

-   Fixed assets (Russia)

-   General ledger

-   Accounts payable

-   Accounts receivable

Details of a transaction are displayed on the **General** tab**.**

Clicking the **Voucher** button, a user can overview the voucher transactions,
related with the fixed asset transaction, the source and the original document
for the fixed asset transaction.

## Budget transactions

Fixed assets (Russia) \> Inquiries \> Budget transactions.

In the page list **FA budget transactions**, the details of fixed asset budget
records are displayed.

To review the budget transaction in the **General ledger** module, click the
**Budget account entries** button.

## Voucher transactions

Fixed assets (Russia) \> Inquiries \> Voucher transactions

In this page list, all voucher transactions, related with the fixed asset
transactions, are displayed. Before running this inquiry, a user can apply a
filter (set the fixed asset inventory number, the value model etc.)

## Documents

Fixed assets \> Inquiries \> Documents

In this page list, all local documents of different types are displayed (for
example, Acceptance report (\#FA-1), Statement about fixed assets object
acceptance-transference (\#FA-1) etc.). See [Unified printing forms for fixed
assets (Russia) - Finance \| Dynamics 365 \| Microsoft
Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/finance/localizations/printing-forms-fixed-assets).

# Reports

There are many reports in the Fixed assets (Russia) module.

Below the list of reports with short description.

### FA list

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA list.

Fixed asset list with net book value on the report date.

### Inventory FA list

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Inventory FA list

Fixed asset data that necessary for filling the legal form \#FA-6.

### FA movement report

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA movement report

Total data by fixed asset groups for specified period.

The report displays netbook value at start date of period, operations (putting
in operation, depreciation, changing of cost, disposal) in the period and net
book value on the last day of the period.

### Inventory FA list

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Inventory FA list

A list of fixed assets with an indication of the acquisition cost and net book
value, as well as data on the disposal of fixed assets.

### FA putting into operation

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA putting into operation.

Displays information about the acquisition of fixed assets, including the date
of acquisition and price.

### FA disposal

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA disposal

Displays information about the disposal of fixed assets, including the date of
disposal, net book value, as well as profit and loss information.

### FA barcodes

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA barcodes

A list of barcodes on the base of fixed asset records.

### Balance by FA

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Balance by FA

Displays acquisition amount, net book value of fixed assets with total amount by
transaction types (revaluation, major repair, depreciation revaluation, partial
dismantlement, disposal (sales), disposal (dismantlement), writing-off)

### FA transactions

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> FA transactions

Displays a list of operation by fixed asset with transaction amounts and other
data.

### History of lease

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> History of lease

Displays history of fixed asset leasing with date of lease, expected return
date, actual return date and other data from the form **FA leased** (Fixed asset
record \> Fixed asset \> History \> Lease).

### Lease (report)

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Lease (report)

Displays data about leased fixed assets which were not returned from lease, and
for which a lease was posted.

### Sheet of FA and depreciation charges

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Sheet of FA and depreciation charges

Displays data for the selected fixed assets and date range.

![](media/f3b8005c27d9194d5fb9341344fa99ec.png)

### Insurance

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> Insurance

Displays data about fixed asset insurance: police number, insurance amount and
date.

### NVFA accounting card (No. MB-2)

Fixed asset (Russia) \> Reports \> NVFA accounting card (No. MB-2)

Displays MB-2 forms for all not value fixed assets as of the specified date.
