Number of books per journal.

In this parameter group you can define the maximum number of books to be
included per acquisition and depreciation journal of which created by batch job
processing. This parameter helps you to distribute the number of asset books per
acquisition and depreciation journal.

Note: The default values are for acquisition proposal is at least 10,000 books
and for depreciation proposal is at least 2,000 books.

Assumes there are 4000 fixed assets, and each asset has two associated books,
one book is posting to current layer and the other book is posting to tax layer.

Acquiring 4000 fixed assets thru batch processing. The batch job creates one
fixed asset acquisition journal contains 10,000 asset books.



Note: the created journal will remain as in use till the batch job finish.

Run depreciation for the same set of acquired assets thru batch processing. The
batch job creates two depreciation journals, each journal consists of 2000 asset
book.



The batch processing excludes the closed books. Assumes there are 10 books
within the first 2000 books have been closed, while running the batch job for
depreciation the first journal will contain associated books to fixed assets
from 1 to 2011, and the second journal will contain associated book to fixed
asset 2012 till 4000.


Note: the derived books are not considered in the maximum number of books per
journal

The number of books limits applied if the asset IDs is not the same in the same
journal. But if the asset ID is the same the book ID could be exceeded to remain
the asset ID in the same journal.

Assumes, you have 5001 fixed asset ID and associated three books to each fixed
asset ID posting to the same posting layer, and running depreciation for 3
consecutive months without summarization, the depreciation journal will be
created thru batch job, the system will create 7 journals with 667 fixed asset
ID and 3 books for each fixed asset ID (2001 books) and 3 months this result
6003 lines to remain consistent to keep the same asset ID in the same journal.

One journal with 332 Fixed asset ID and 3 books for each fixed asset ID and 3
months this result 2988 lines.

Â 
